Update text for default grouping algorithm (#4390)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/data-management-settings/event-grouping/index.mdx

To upgrade an existing project to a new grouping algorithm version, navigate to **Settings > Projects > [project] > Issue Grouping > Upgrade Grouping**. After upgrading to a new grouping algorithm, you will very likely see new groups being created.

> All versions consider the `stacktrace`, `exception` and `message`, in sequential order.

Reviewer: Since the sequential nature of this is important, let's just be more explicit about it. 

```suggestion
All versions consider the `stack trace` first, the `exception` next, and then finally the `message`.
```
